well guys I guess when you have a middle
in the lathe something breaks around the
house you got to fix it this is a walker
for my son and the you can see the back
strap broke off so pull the screw
already and there's a there's a plug
that that goes into the handle there so
plans are is make a new plug and then
shave off the end of the broken piece
drill and tap the part right here and
put a bolt into it into the new part put
it all back together alright show you a
little more that's where I get it
halfway put together well okay the
simple job just got a little a little
more challenging nothing can't be
complic when i turn the part over its
hollow in the back so i was planning on
cleaning this off drilling and tapping
into the plastic and being able to put a
bolt in there so now i'll end up making
a backing piece to go in here and go
ahead and drill and tap into the backing
piece so it can pull on it so plan B see
if we can get it fixed here's just a
quick shot of how I've got it set up in
the mill so I can go ahead and get that
surface flat
well here it is I got a backer piece in
there and drilled and tapped it for 10
32 so now I'll make the plug then I'll
counterbore the plug so that I can put
it tight onto here and put it back
together I think I may have it all right
bring you back again here's the plug
that'll go back in there's no reason to
counterbore the bolt at the top of the
bolt there's plenty of clearance and
then the screw gets down the drilled and
tapped into the top there oh yeah I
remember now I need why I had a
countersink this because this screws
going to go right into the into the bolt
so got a countersink that guy okay
counterbore is done and it's ready to
put back together okay chair it's it's
repaired back in place in back in
service thanks for watching guys